hi guys so today I'm to be showing you
all of my empty packaging for all of the
products that I used up in the past
month and I'm just going to tell you
whether or not i repurchase these
products or if there's anything I would
like to add I'm going to go ahead and
start off with my skin care i guess you
could say the first thing is st. Tropez
self bronzing mousse and this is one of
my absolute favorite self tanners I have
two that are my favorites this is one of
them it is a really nice bronze color
like it's a true like tan it comes out
like a greenish brown sort of foam but
it just it just gives you the nicest
color and I usually purchase this from
amazon I believe you can buy this at
sephora now but i always find that on
amazon it seems to be a little bit
cheaper so i will definitely repurchase
that the next thing i have here is my
foaming face cleanser actually it's not
called that anymore it's fiore 4 and 1
detoxifying cleanser this works really
great to remove all of my makeup even my
eye makeup and it leaves my skin filling
like minty without like irritating my
eyes or irritating my skin or making me
break out this is one of my holy grail
face washes and I've used this for a
very long time and I will still keep
repurchasing that another thing that I
have here is Elizabeth Arden eight hour
cream and this is a skin protectant I
believe this has like vitamin E and all
kinds of great things for your skin I
use this at night when I after i put my
moisture on moisturizer on I use it to
seal in around my eye area and on my
lips and this is actually also used in
burn centers it works really great for
like healing your skin so they use this
on burn victims and it's supposed to be
like a miracle thing where it heals
everything up so i will definitely
repurchase that also I i usually get
that at TJ maxx it's usually around ten
dollars there you can buy at like a
department store at the counter for like
twenty twenty or twenty-five dollars so
I always find that I find it cheaper at
TJ maxx so if I do see it there I'll
pick up like maybe two or three and then
i'll have like a supply so next for hair
products
a 10 miracle leave-in plus keratin I've
been through I don't even know how many
of these I always get these with my
ultra rewards whenever I'm at that level
I get this and I just think it works so
great it it provides a heat protectant
but also conditions and it strengthens
your hair and it seals the cuticles it
does 10 different things that are just
really good everything that you need you
don't need a separate leaving
conditioner or a separate heat
protectant everything is all in one
right here and I really like how
manageable it makes my hair feel it
makes it feel super soft detangles and
it just fills my hair just feels really
healthy when I use this okay next is my
dry shampoo and this is Bautista I talk
about this all the time because it's my
favorite and this is the clean and
classic original i will definitely
repurchase this I like to keep a couple
of these in my cabinet and I can usually
find it at Ulta so i will definitely
repurchase that and as far as makeup
products i used up two mascaras this is
the Loreal voluminous original and i
switch off between the carbon black in
the original so i will absolutely
repurchase this again and this is the
covergirl LashBlast fusion and I really
like the wand in this it's like that
plastic one with the little tiny rubber
I don't know what those are called but I
really like this for bottom lashes it
seems to just really grab onto those and
the brush is small so I don't get stuff
all over underneath my eyes I feel like
it really just gets in there and just
places product on my bottom lashes so i
will definitely repurchase that and i
did have one more thing that I can't
find it and it was the 901 be by
wet'n'wild the pink lipstick that I
always wear and of course I will
repurchase that but I can't i don't have
it to show you guys so that is it for my
empty products i hope you guys enjoyed
this video i hope you're having a great
day and I will see you soon bye